# Authentication-System
In current world providing security for is one of the greatest challenges. To provide security, they need to confirm the identity of the user and grant access to application. This process or action of verifying the identity of a user is called Authentication. There are different types of authentication like token identify, biometric, alphanumeric etc. Token identify is further classified into tokens (one time passwords), keys (private, public key). Biometric has different classifications like finger print, voice recognition, face recognition, iris recognition.
 Authentication by String of alphanumeric and Special Characters that allows access to the application etc. and also called password. Password is the Key to authenticate user account. Text key (password) is the most common method for authentication. The general method is more vulnerable for attack.
To overcome the problems faced by general method alternative authentication models like biometrics used. But the biometric authentication is for Top level security and this authentication system involves a lot of expense.
Now a day’s banks and financial institution using one time password and it was also called as OTP. Besides OTP offers better security. it is impossible for hacker to break into the OTP Using conventional attack. But the OTP was very expensive it is not for general purpose user.
To reduce the cost, avoid dictionary attack, minimize the chances of brute force attack , I created a authentication system with text password and  graphical password. Proposed system consists of two level of authentication. First level text password and second level graphical password. 
